feat: local "load test setup" Helm chart (#53832)
camunda/camunda: load-tests/setup/README.md

Author: I updated the documentation via Claude (too verbose :) )

- `databases/` — raw Kubernetes manifests for MSSQL and Oracle (no public
  Helm chart). Copied into the namespace folder only when the matching
  storage is chosen.
- `charts/load-test-setup/` — The "load-test-setup" Helm Chart. Always copied and rendered
  with random secrets.

**A namespace is bound to its storage choice at bootstrap.** To try a different
storage, create a new namespace via `./newLoadTest.sh <new-name> <newStorage>`.

The load-test-setup chart owns all the resources deployed for a single load tests:
* the namespace (labels, AZ pinning, TTL annotation)
* the `camunda-credentials` secret
* the leader-balancer cronjob

> * and the Optimize indices cleanup job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I think this can be removed

Reviewer: Maybe add the metrics-exporter

> It is parameterized by two values files baked at scaffold time:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is parameterized by a value file baked at scaffold time:
```
